you're 250 nautical miles off the coast
of Mexico to your right is the remote
island of San Benedict oh and it's an
oasis for life in the middle of the deep
Pacific Ocean your guide under the waves
is marine biologist and cameraman Eric
you gotta take a deep breath are you
ready I'm Perry does Jeff and we are
your dive buddies
okay take a look around this place is
known as a boiler let's go down check it
out we are descending to 10 meters below
the surface we are next to a police
station for some gentle giants if you
look into the blue you will see one
gliding turns you see that
it's an oceanic manta ray they are the
largest race in our oceans mantas are
thought to live up to 50 years maybe
more
I have the biggest brains of any fish
Hey look there is a manta on your left
to mantas now you see them they are
interacting with each other they are
very curious and intrigued by visited
divers I think they like the powers from
our tags get ready here he comes
wow it's a client we need your faith
look at this one
it's gonna start to your greed do you
see that orange fish there's a clear on
angelfish he's attracted because he
claims the parasites of the manta rays
he wasn't he cool
I recognize a manta ray because a unique
pattern on the belly do you see those
two black spots those are unique like
our fingerprints turn around turn around
there is the other one I think that is
over your head I think the powers from
our tines feel like a sort of jacuzzi
who doesn't like to be in a bubble but
an mantas aren't the only curious
animals we see here on the other side of
the rock are deeper down another curious
animal I think I can share them can you
it's bottlenose dolphins there are two
dolphins committers are these two
dolphins are part of a resident pod and
over the years divers have been visiting
Ravi Akihito National Park they seem to
have become more and more serious like
us dolphins live in family groups as you
can hear they communicate through sounds
that one is looking right at you they
live for 30 to 50 years out here in the
ocean a survival hunting fish squid a
crustaceans learn how to work together
as a path to catch their dinner oh look
over there they're more dolphins coming
I think does the rest of the family
after they hunt in the morning I've also
seen them being cleaned by the clay on
angelfish just like the mantas I've been
studying the fascinating species or live
in these waters for over thinking
provision kilo is a perfect example of
what a healthy ocean looks like as well
as it all feeds on mantas we get humbug
whirls Turtles yellowfin tuna well
sharks hammerhead and other shark
species in 2017 fourteen point eight
million hectares of ocean were protected
here an area larger than the state of
New York
I hope to see more marine protected
areas in the future and to my work I
hope to help the conservation of the
oceans
you